Start>Control Panel>Programs>Turn Windows features on or off

The Windows Features box will appear. It may take a while for it to load

Scroll down and find Internet Information Services and ensure the box is clicked. 
dUnderneath that is Internet Information Services Hostable Web Core. Click that box as well.

Second you must open the Internet Information Services (IIS) Manager and configure IIS

Click the Start button and type IIS in the search bar

Click on Internet Information Services (IIS) Manager to open

In the left Connections pane click the little arrowhead to open the tree and right click on the Sites folder

Click Add Web Site

Give the site a name, and add the path to the folder where your website is located.

Go to the IP address and click the drop down. Find the IP address (ex. 192.168.0.92). (write this down somewhere. I put it as comments in my html and css files)

Pick a port. I don't recommend using port 80 but any other should do. I used 90

click ok.

Third, set read permissions on the website folder

Right-click on the folder your website is kept on and click on properties

Go to the security tab and scroll through Group or user names and look for the following:

IUSR and IIS_IUSRS

If they are there, be sure that "read & execute" and "read" are checked. If they are there and not checked click on on of them and then click edit. check the box for read & execute and read. Click apply then click ok.

If they are not there then click edit and then Add. This brings up the Select Users or Groups box.

Click the Advanced Button and then the Find Now button. Scroll down until you find IIS_IUSRS. Click on it and press OK 2 times. Click apply.

Repeat for IUSR

To bring up website on local host

Open Chrome and type in the IP address and port like this:

192.168.0.142:90 (or whatever your port number is)

I hope this helps. Good luck

Student ("Alexander") also recommends this video for Windows Setup:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_0SqnOPSng

Changing security/permissions for IIS* files/folders